# janrealism

Janrealism is a platform for anonymous journalism which promotes real and authetic jornalism by keeping the identity of the jornalist hidden with its unique authentication system.

In the recent times Journalism and the whole democracy took a huge dip as sensitive and crucial informations and news were shadow banned and been hidden from the main stream media. Journalist which show or expose these scandals face some sort of punishment either physical or finanical. Our application provides anonymous posting but with a background check, such that only eligible and authentic journalist can post the stories on the platform. On the other hand the application is open for all to read the news. The application also provide a fundraising system for the journalist to get monetized from the news they are publishing. The platform also includes advance Blogging techniques which converts boring news reading into Interactive website like experience for the users to enjoy.

The main problem we ran into was that we have to authenticate the journalist before onboarding the platform but hide there identity after the background check. We needed to make a solution such that even we as a platform doesn't know the identity of the user. We tackled this problem by creating a pool of journalist to do a background check and then giving them there user name and pass key to access the platform, this creates a pseodu anonymity as we know the identity of the journlist as group as we did a background check but we don't know the individual Identity of the journlist. The another problem was to make news blogs and article intresting to read and engaging we tackle this problem to by creating a user-friendly mark down like blog structure to make Headings, Titles, Sub headings, Multimedia, etc into our Blogs.
